charset: update deal with invalid utf8 characters (#21422)
pingcap/docs: character-set-and-collation.md

>
> If the character check is skipped, TiDB might fail to detect illegal UTF-8 characters written by the application, cause decoding errors when `ANALYZE` is executed, and introduce other unknown encoding issues. If your application cannot guarantee the validity of the written string, it is not recommended to skip the character check.

In certain SQL statements, comparisons might involve invalid UTF-8 characters. For example:

```sql

> SELECT * FROM `t` WHERE `id` > 'a" + string([]byte{0xff}) + "a';

Reviewer: It's not work, will report error in `CONCAT` function

```

> In the preceding statement, `0xff` is an invalid UTF-8 byte. When handling such characters, the behavior of TiDB depends on the collation:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In the preceding statement, `0xff` is an invalid UTF-8 byte. When handling such characters, TiDB behaves differently depending on the collation:
```
